docs: Add explanation of when to use 'warn' severity (#16882)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/rules.md

* `"warn"` or `1` - turn the rule on as a warning (doesn't affect exit code)
* `"error"` or `2` - turn the rule on as an error (exit code is 1 when triggered)

> Rules are typically set to `"error"` to enforce compliance with the rule during continuous integration testing, precommit checks, and pull request merging because doing so causes ESLint to exit with a non-zero exit code.
> 
> If you don't want to enforce compliance with a rule but would still like ESLint to report the rule's violations, set the severity to `"warn"`. This is typically used when introducing a new rule that will eventually be set to `"error"`, when a rule is flagging something other than a potential buildtime or runtime error (such as an unused variable), or when a rule cannot determine with certainty that a problem has been found (when a rule might have false positives and need manual review).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules are typically set to `"error"` to enforce compliance with the rule during continuous integration testing, pre-commit checks, and pull request merging because doing so causes ESLint to exit with a non-zero exit code.

If you don't want to enforce compliance with a rule but would still like ESLint to report the rule's violations, set the severity to `"warn"`. This is typically used when introducing a new rule that will eventually be set to `"error"`, when a rule is flagging something other than a potential buildtime or runtime error (such as an unused variable), or when a rule cannot determine with certainty that a problem has been found (when a rule might have false positives and need manual review).
```
